Clean up dependabot-cooldown docs (#2217)
zizmorcore/zizmor: docs/audits.md

Detects missing or insufficient `cooldown` settings in Dependabot configuration
files.

!!! tip

    By default, Dependabot performs a three (3) day "cooldown" on dependency updates.

>     `zizmor`, however, recommends a cooldown of seven (7) days by default.

Reviewer: Just single words is enough?

```suggestion
    By default, Dependabot performs a three day "cooldown" on dependency updates.
    `zizmor`, however, recommends a cooldown of seven days by default.
```
